README.md, before:

# Blind spots in the EU’s Regulation on Deforestation-free products

Authors: Andrea Pacheco (andrea.pacheco [at] ilr.uni-bonn.de) wrote the R code, Gustavo Magalhães de Oliveira wrote the Python code (gusmoliv [at] uni-bonn.de)

This repository contains all the main code and data for analyzing and classifying the deforestation in the Amazon biome in Brazil from 2008 to 2020. A detailed description of the underlying data and methods for this analysis is available in the supplementary material of the manuscript "Blind spots in the EU ??s Regulation on Deforestation-free products" (Oliveira et al., 2024 to be submitted).

The code provided here was developed and tested in Python (version 3.8.5) and R (version 4.3.1), and all data used in these analyses are publicly available online. A final version of all the main code and data will be made publicly available in Zenodo and cited in the reference list once the manuscript is published online. The code in this repository is a guideline to reproduce our work.
Data available at https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/2hj1zah1u13turiae4xkh/ABR-UN_MqnTwa1gt7h8EeEM?rlkey=31i8gh87x85o5x7zwxzed7hnm&st=rh2aflhw&dl=0


This repository is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License.

Commit message:

updated with published paper link

README.md, after:

# Blind spots in the EU’s Regulation on Deforestation-free products

Authors: Andrea Pacheco (andrea.pacheco [at] ilr.uni-bonn.de) wrote the R code, Gustavo Magalhães de Oliveira wrote the Python code (gusmoliv [at] uni-bonn.de)

This repository contains all the main code and data for analyzing and classifying the deforestation in the Amazon biome in Brazil from 2008 to 2020. A detailed description of the underlying data and methods for this analysis is available in the supplementary material of the article: 
Oliveira, G.M., Ziegert, R.F., Pacheco, A. et al. Blind spots in the EU’s Regulation on Deforestation-free products. Nat Ecol Evol (2024). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41559-024-02465-x


The code provided here was developed and tested in Python (version 3.8.5) and R (version 4.3.1), and all data used in these analyses are publicly available online. A final version of all the main code and data are publicly available and cited in the reference list of the article. The code in this repository is a guideline to reproduce our work.
Data available at https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/2hj1zah1u13turiae4xkh/ABR-UN_MqnTwa1gt7h8EeEM?rlkey=31i8gh87x85o5x7zwxzed7hnm&st=rh2aflhw&dl=0


This repository is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License.
